add warning (#130)
ferrous-systems/espressif-trainings: README.md

# Embedded Rust Trainings for Espressif

This repository contains Training Material for learning to use Embedded Rust
with the Espressif ESP32-C3. 

> ⚠️ This material is based on unstable crates, following it will not result in compiling code! However it can be used as inspiration for getting started with Rust on Espressif. You can join the [esp-rs community](https://matrix.to/#/#esp-rs:matrix.org) on Matrix for all technical questions and  issues! The community is open to everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This material is based on unstable crates. It worked at the time of writing but following it today may not result in compiling code! However, it can be used as inspiration for getting started with Rust on Espressif. You can join the [esp-rs community](https://matrix.to/#/#esp-rs:matrix.org) on Matrix for all technical questions and issues! The community is open to everyone.
```
